hey guys that's a gun we're all star
weekend good to see you guys we're right
by New York City right now and we're
really excited to be here because we're
on the middle of our tour we play in New
Jersey tomorrow and we should talk about
the tour and everything right wing yeah
that's cool anyway so we've been all
over the country has been awesome um
it's actually been amazing it's been the
biggest whore we've ever done headlining
we've sold more tickets on this tour
than any other tour and we were really
nervous doing the tour because we're
like oh my god like he's left our label
we're taking huge risks cuz did anyone
even care anymore and the fact that you
guys all came out and cared more than
ever it's just the coolest thing ever so
it was nice to see people again it was
it was just really set you that I
squeaking fun that's a tonight okay okay
so anyway um we got like six days left
we got new jersey we got Toronto we got
Grand Rapids we got Cleveland we got
indianapolis and we got Chicago to
finish the show next Sunday so if you
haven't seen it yet you got to check it
out it's going to be awesome we have our
new single one dancer somebody it's on
iTunes right now I so got my new single
I want to squeak with somebody like that
out it's very similar it's quick and I
think that's pretty much it you guys
have a wonderful day we'll see on tour
all-star weekend and squeak squeak I'll
see you guys later
we weaken every day what's weakened
every squeaking every squeaking every
day I'll be sweeping all these girls
squeaking in the club sucking in my ride
while I'm rollin on dubs skweet you're
not so girl eating lots of booty he's
not a booty booty booty booty last week
I haven't gotten much booty it's better
than giving knock that wild clumsy hard
I want someone love to the floor run
that's my jams